.TH PS 1 "September 14, 2018" "textmodes/parser" "Commands"
.\" Ragged-right text.
.na
.\" Disable hyphenation.
.nh
.SH NAME
piece \- render art to image, animation or video
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpiece\fR [\fIoptions\fR] <\fIinput\fR>
.PP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B piece
renders art scene files to image, animation or video.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\^f \fRor\fP \-\^f=\fR<\fItrue\fR|\fIfalse\fR>
Force overwriting output file.
.TP
.B \-\^o  \fIfilename\fR
Set the output file name. The default is to append the appropriate file
extension to the input file name.
.TP
.B \-\^q \fRor\fP \-\^q=\fR<\fItrue\fR|\fIfalse\fR>
Be quiet. Suppresses the output of informational messages.
.SH "RENDER OPTIONS"
.TP
.B \-\^animate  \fIduration\fR
Create an animated GIF with a frame delay of
.BR duration .
For the format options, see
.BR DURATION .
.TP
.B \-\^scroll \fIduration\fR
Create an scrolling GIF with a frame delay of
.BR duration .
For the format options, see
.BR DURATION .
.TP
.B \-\^video \fRor\fP \-\^video=\fR<\fItrue\fR|\fIfalse\fR>
In stead of creating an animated gif, use
.BR ffmpeg
to create a MP4 video.
.SH "ANSI SPECIFIC OPTIONS"
.TP
.B \-\^blink \fRor\fP \-\^blink=\fR<\fItrue\fR|\fIfalse\fR>
Option to enable/disable the rendition of blinking characters in the resulting
image.
.TP
.B \-\^font \fIname\fR
Specify the font name, this overrides whatever is in the SAUCE information. To
get a list of possible font name values, use
.B \-\^font \fBlist\fR.
.SH DURATION
Supported units for \fIduration\fR are \fBns\fR, \fBus\fR, \fBms\fR, \fBs\fR,
\fBm\fR, \fBh\fR. For example, to specify a delay of 400 milliseconds, one
would pass \fB400ms\fR as an argument.
.SH FONTS
Supported fonts are:
.TS
l                       l.
\fBNAME                    ALIASES\fR
Amiga MicroKnight       microknight
Amiga MicroKnight+      microknight+
Amiga P0T-NOoDLE        potnoodle
Amiga Topaz 1           amiga, topaz, topaz1
Amiga Topaz 1+          topaz1+
Amiga Topaz 2           topaz2
Amiga Topaz 2+          topaz2+
Amiga mOsOul            mosoul
Atari ATASCII           atari, atascii
IBM EGA                 ega
IBM EGA43               ega43
IBM VGA                 8x16, vga
IBM VGA 1251
IBM VGA 437             cp437, dos
IBM VGA 737             cp737
IBM VGA 775             cp775
IBM VGA 850             cp850
IBM VGA 852             cp852
IBM VGA 855             cp855
IBM VGA 857             cp857
IBM VGA 860             cp860
IBM VGA 861             cp861
IBM VGA 862             cp862
IBM VGA 863             cp863
IBM VGA 865             cp865
IBM VGA 866             cp866
IBM VGA 866b
IBM VGA 866c
IBM VGA 866u
IBM VGA 869             cp869
IBM VGA50               8x8, vga50
IBM VGA50 1251
IBM VGA50 437
IBM VGA50 850
IBM VGA50 865
IBM VGA50 866
.TE
.SH AUTHOR
Wijnand Modderman-Lenstra is the original author of
.BR "piece" .

It was inspired by
.BR "ansilove"
authored by Fredrick Cambus.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ansilove, convert(1), ffmpeg(1)
